[DOCS-7589] Update Ansible Deployment for ACS Community (#1407)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: content-services/community/install/ansible.md

![deployment-type-ssh]({% link content-services/images/deployment-type-ssh.png %})

## Deployment

> For the Ansible deployment, refer to the following page which provides the most up-to-date reference with current OS, Ansible version, and Python runtime/libraries:
> [Ansible Deployment Guide](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment/blob/master/docs/deployment-guide.md){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer: we are publishing a new standalone website which will help with readability:

```suggestion
For the Ansible deployment, refer to the following page which provides the most up-to-date reference with current OS, Ansible version, and Python runtime/libraries:
[Ansible Deployment Guide](https://alfresco.github.io/alfresco-ansible-deployment/deployment-guide.html){:target="_blank"}
```
